In this video we'll be introducing two new vs 20:17 string methods.
The first is PAD's start which allows us to pad or place a certain character a number of times before
the start of a string.
The first parameter is the total length of the new string and the second is what the pad from the start.
This is quite useful when you need to have strings that are all the same length but your input might
not always have that.
So maybe you want to pad some input with zeros or some other operator.
The second method is pad and which allows us to pad or place a certain character a number of times.
At the end of the string the first parameter is the total length of the new string and the second is
what to pad with from the end.
So you might be thinking when would you actually use something like pad and or pad start while you might
not use it in everyday coding.
It can be useful to make sure that strings are always a certain length even if they need to be padded.
In fact there was an incident not long ago where many essential libraries including no J us depended
on an external function for padding strings.
The owner of the external function removed it from a public registry and instantly broke thousands of
applications.
So even if you don't use this function too much just know it has some important use cases for libraries
and frameworks that you'll be using if you want to learn more about this fiasco.
You can read about it in the section that's in the next video.
We'll talk about one of the larger features and yes 20:17 easing functions.
See that.